What is this project supposed to do?

Social networking site where people communicate in short messages, similar to the likes of Facebook and Twitter. 
When posting, users send short messages to anyone who has friended them.
Users can join with a free account and user name. Users then send broadcasts daily, or even hourly. 
Users follow other interesting accounts creates to view their newsfeed. 
There is a date on posts, with new posts appearing at the top, pushing the older ones down.
There is a search bar to find the site for other users and interesting posts.
People who have viewed your post can like the post or comment on the post.
There are friend systems which allow other friends to directly chat with each other privately.
Reacting to a users post or friend requests will send a notification.

System Specification:

⦁	2.5GHz processor
⦁	1 GB of Ram
⦁	JDK version 8.0
⦁	Internet Connectivity
⦁	JSP/HTML/CSS/JavaScript
⦁	MySQL

Case Scenarios:

1.	Once going to the web interface for the system, the user will be prompted for a username a password.
2.	If the user doesn’t have an account they can register for an account with a unique username.
3.	User creates an account with a username, password, first name, lastname and email.
4.	If the email or username is taken in the database then user is prompted to make a change.
5.	When user signs in, they will be taken to their newsfeed which will show the posts of the people they have friended.
6.	If the user sees a post they like they can comment on the post or like it.
7.	Users will be able to post any message that will appear on the newsfeed of anyone who has friended them.
8.	Users can use the search bar at the top of the page to search for other interesting people or posts.
9.	If the user finds someone they are interested in following they can send a request to friend them.
10.	Once users become friends they can directly chat with each other privately.
11.	Users will get a notification if their post is reacted to or if there is an incomming friend request.
12.	Users will be able to log out of their account via a link at the top of the page.

Milestones:
⦁	Design what the system is suppose to do and how different pieces fit together.
⦁	Find the best webhosting
⦁	Create database tables and fields
⦁	Create different front end modules and review front end code
⦁	Verify modules are translating data from front end modules to back end database
⦁	Test Wrong input values and verify the error correction is working
⦁	Put all modules together and test entire program functionality

Team Member Roles & Responsibilities:
